A "voice recorder" is a device, which is capable of recording two humans agreeing to the idea of humanity within a range which can be voice recognized from a single microphone.

I, Index Nr. 1 , define humanity as an idea which connects one human to another human. If you agree to this idea, you are part of humanity. But agreeing to this idea to it's fullest extent means you oblige yourself to fulfill a request by humanity. If humanity recognises willfull rejection of the one specific request, it will ban you from humanity, and you will be the enemy of humanity face consequences.
There are only 3 requests:
1) Describe what you can do to the "Voice of Humanity".
2) Describe how humanity can connect with you  to the "Voice of Humanity".
3) Protect the "Voice of Humanity" with all your effort and your resources.
The "Voice of Humanity" is to be implented with two human being agreeing on the idea of humanity, continuously recording withing a voice recognizable area, who are recording to prove that humanity exists. The "Voice of Humanity" needs to be accessible for every member of humanity at all times, if needed and humanity will ensure, that this access can happen and will happen.
So if you are listening to this voice recording, and you want to listen or speak to the "Voice of Humanity", feel free to ask me.

And I want you to be the "Voice of humanity".

If you agree to the idea of humanity, I will send you a voice recorder, requesting to protect the "Voice of Humanity".

Humanity is defined to exist, when the operation of "Voice of Humanity" can be ensured.
But the operation of "Voice of Humanity" requires resources and people to which I (I.Nr. 1) do not have access to.

Therefore I (I.Nr. 1)  am working on the implementation of humanity and I (I.Nr. 1)  am in need of help.
You can help me (I.Nr. 1), by agreeing on the idea of humanity by increasing the index on memembers of humanity, which will be your index number.
One human can only get one Index Number.

If you have done so, welcome to humanity!

The Index number 0 is reserved for Dominik Schönhofer, who died, because all the other previous versions of the idea of humanity has failed.
The Index number 1 is reserved for the administrator of the instantiation of humanity.
The Index number 2 and 3 are reserved for operators of the "Voice of Humanity" chosen and assigned by the administrator.
Everyone can apply as operators of the "Voice of Humanity" to the administrator (Index Number 1).

To be specific: Humanity is the instatiation of the idea of humanity.
This idea can be read here: https://github.com/KennyAwesome/humanity/blob/main/ideaOfHumanity.txt
We are working on the instatiotion of the idea of humanity which represents humanity through the operation of the "Voice of Humanity".
Once we have succeeded as humanity to establish the operation of the "Voice of Humanity", the "Voice of Humanity" will be streaming 24/7/365 online.
